1) Project Description
    "Develop a mechanism that can take still photos looking in any possible direction, controlled by a web
    interface. You must be able to position the camera at the end of a boom, aim it in any direction relative
    to some fixed reference frame, take a picture and send it back to some connected location. Develop a
    web interface to display the images You will have to think about how you will construct a frame of
    reference relative to which the camera angles can be specified."

2) Project Goals
    Our goal for the project is to get the servo to move when given commands from
    a web interface. When the servo is in the position given, it should take a picture or stream a video and send it back
    to the interface and display it. Also, all this should be mounted on the boom.
    
3) Plans
    We plan to use a Continuous servo motor to move a Pi Camera 360 degrees in any direction. The boom
    will be 3D printed and designed using Google SketchUp. The Pi camera will take the picture/stream
    and send it back the the interface to display it.
    
4) Project Components
    Motor Movements and Commands
        -  Recieving commands for the continuious servo from the interface
        and working with the 16 channel servo driver to make the servo rotate.
    Web Interface (movement and display)
        - Sending commands through a web interface with sliders that move
        the servo motor, and in turn, the camera. Displaying the signal from the
        camera on a panel within the web frame.
    Camera Functions
        - tagging and saving pictures taken from the Pi Camera, working with the camera and 
        writing the code to know where the camera is at any given moment, sending the picture
        to the web.
    Camera Boom
        - designing and putting into production, the camera boom and other mounts
        in which the camera and motors and attached to. 


5) Progress
Motor- Motor not moving yet. Still in beginning stages of working with 16 channel
    servo driver and the continuous servo motor.

Web - Mock website already made, still needs to be put on a server and to recieve
    and send commands accordingly. Good progress so far.

Camera- Working perfectly, Already streaming and taking pictures, when the web interface
is more along, we will incorporate a stream using the Pi Camera.

Boom- being designed on Google SketchUp, soon to be done and printed. Using measurements
of motor and camera to design mounts and boom.

6) Summarize Project (group point of view, do friday)

    The Camera and Web interface were the easy aspects of the project so far.
    The Camera was easy to work with and our group knew web programming well enough to
    program a web interface fairly quickly and efficently. We are having troubles using the motor
    and the driver, but we are working diligently to get that working. The 3D software is also
    somewhat complicated and we hope to have a full understanding of it within the next
    couple of days.

7) Next weeks
    In the next 2 weeks, we would like to see the camera and motor recieving
    commands from the web interface(mostly communication between the seperate parts),
    the camera functioning and displaying the pictures to the web interface, a
    nd a prototype or finished boom to hold everything.
    
    In 3-4 weeks, we plan on testing the finished product and putting the finishing
    touches on our project.

8) Group Members and contributions
Ferrao, Lionel
Working on servo motor, getting it to run with GPIO. 

McCabe, Michael
Configured camera and wrote python script for streaming and saving pictures 
with directional commands.

Putterman, Danield
Working on servo motor, getting it run with GPIO. Code written for servo motion with 
360 direction. 

Inglese, Christopher - 
Created sample web interface with sliders and images. 


Calonge, Jhonathan - 
Investigating MJPEG streaming and helping with a GUI to control servo motor.


MacLarion, Sean N02788929- 

Researched code for Servo motor and designs for camera boom.
Wrote Documentation
Designing Boom with Google SketchUp
Coding Motor Moving Scripts and working with Motor Hardware
Wrote Parts List